{\rtf1\ansi\deff17\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman Roman;}{\f2\fscript Script;}
{\f3\fmodern Modern;}{\f4\fnil Marlett;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}{\f6\fswiss Arial CE
;}{\f7\fswiss Arial CYR;}{\f8\fswiss Arial Greek;}{\f9\fswiss Arial TUR;}{\f10
\fmodern Courier New;}{\f11\fmodern Courier New CE;}{\f12\fmodern Courier New CY
R;}{\f13\fmodern Courier New Greek;}{\f14\fmodern Courier New TUR;}{\f15\fmodern
 Lucida Console;}{\f16\fswiss Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f17\froman Times New Roman
;}{\f18\froman Times New Roman CE;}{\f19\froman Times New Roman CYR;}{\f20
\froman Times New Roman Greek;}{\f21\froman Times New Roman TUR;}{\f22\fnil Wing
dings;}{\f23\froman Symbol;}{\f24\fswiss Verdana;}{\f25\fswiss Arial Black;}
{\f26\fscript Comic Sans MS;}{\f27\fswiss Impact;}{\f28\froman Georgia;}{\f29
\froman Palatino Linotype;}{\f30\fswiss Tahoma;}{\f31\fswiss Trebuchet MS;}{\f32
\froman Webdings;}{\f33\fswiss Microsoft Sans Serif;}{\f34\froman Map Symbols;}
{\f35\fswiss Arial Narrow;}{\f36\fswiss Arial Unicode MS;}{\f37\froman Batang;}
{\f38\froman @Batang;}{\f39\froman Book Antiqua;}{\f40\froman Bookman Old Style
;}{\f41\froman Century;}{\f42\fswiss Century Gothic;}{\f43\froman Garamond;}
{\f44\fswiss Haettenschweiler;}{\f45\fscript Monotype Corsiva;}{\f46\fmodern MS 
Mincho;}{\f47\fmodern @MS Mincho;}{\f48\fnil MS Outlook;}{\f49\froman PMingLiU;}
{\f50\froman @PMingLiU;}{\f51\fnil SimSun;}{\f52\fnil @SimSun;}{\f53\froman Wing
dings 2;}{\f54\froman Wingdings 3;}{\f55\froman MT Extra;}{\f56\fnil ESRI Transp
ortation & Civic;}{\f57\fnil ESRI Fire Incident NFPA;}{\f58\fnil ESRI Hazardous 
Materials;}{\f59\fnil ESRI Enviro Hazard Sites;}{\f60\fnil ESRI Enviro Hazard An
alysis;}{\f61\fnil ESRI Enviro Hazard Incident;}{\f62\fnil ESRI Crime Analysis;}
{\f63\fnil ESRI Conservation;}{\f64\fnil ESRI Geology;}{\f65\fnil ESRI US Forest
ry 2;}{\f66\fnil ESRI US Forestry 1;}{\f67\fnil ESRI Geology AGSO 1;}{\f68\fnil 
ESRI US MUTCD 3;}{\f69\fnil ESRI US MUTCD 2;}{\f70\fnil ESRI US MUTCD 1;}{\f71
\fnil ESRI Shields;}{\f72\fnil ESRI Commodities;}{\f73\fnil ESRI Elements;}{\f74
\fnil ESRI Geology USGS 95-525;}{\f75\fnil ESRI North;}{\f76\fnil ESRI Oil, Gas,
 & Water;}{\f77\fnil ESRI Dimensioning;}{\f78\fnil ESRI Caves 3;}{\f79\fnil ESRI
 Caves 2;}{\f80\fnil ESRI Caves 1;}{\f81\fnil ESRI Business;}{\f82\fnil ESRI Cli
mate & Precipitation;}{\f83\fnil ESRI Public1;}{\f84\fnil ESRI MilMod 01;}{\f85
\fnil ESRI MilSym 05;}{\f86\fnil ESRI MilSym 04;}{\f87\fnil ESRI MilSym 03;}
{\f88\fnil ESRI IGL Font25;}{\f89\fnil ESRI IGL Font24;}{\f90\fnil ESRI IGL Font
23;}{\f91\fnil ESRI IGL Font22;}{\f92\fnil ESRI IGL Font21;}{\f93\fnil ESRI IGL 
Font20;}{\f94\fnil ESRI MilSym 02;}{\f95\fnil ESRI IGL Font16;}{\f96\fnil ESRI M
ilSym 01;}{\f97\fnil ESRI MilRed 01;}{\f98\fnil ESRI Environmental & Icons;}
{\f99\fnil ESRI MilMod 02;}{\f100\fnil ESRI NIMA City Graphic LN;}{\f101\fnil ES
RI Pipeline US 1;}{\f102\fnil ESRI Telecom;}{\f103\fnil ESRI NIMA City Graphic P
T;}{\f104\fnil ESRI Hydrants;}{\f105\fnil ESRI AMFM Water;}{\f106\fnil ESRI AMFM
 Sewer;}{\f107\fnil ESRI AMFM Gas;}{\f108\fnil ESRI AMFM Electric;}{\f109\fnil E
SRI NIMA VMAP1&2 LN;}{\f110\fnil ESRI Surveyor;}{\f111\fnil ESRI Arrowhead;}
{\f112\fnil ESRI NIMA VMAP1&2 PT;}{\f113\fnil ESRI NIMA DNC LN;}{\f114\fnil ESRI
 NIMA DNC PT;}{\f115\fnil ESRI Default Marker;}{\f116\fnil ESRI SDS 1.95 2;}
{\f117\fnil ESRI SDS 1.95 1;}{\f118\fnil ESRI Cartography;}{\f119\fnil ESRI Ordn
ance Survey;}{\f120\fnil ESRI SDS 2.00 2;}{\f121\fnil ESRI SDS 2.00 1;}{\f122
\fnil ESRI Geometric Symbols;}{\f123\fnil ESRI Weather;}{\f124\fnil ESRI Transpo
rtation & Municipal;}}

\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\titlepg

\pard\qc\li0\ri0\fi0\f17\cchs0\fs20
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 Reference List\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \par }
\pard\li1260\ri0\fi-1260\sa240\tqr\tx360\tx540\f17\cchs0\fs20
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 1. \tab Bowen, W. "An Analytical Review of Environmental J
ustice Research: What Do We Really Know?" }{\f17\cchs0\fs20\ul Environmental Man
agement}{\f17\cchs0\fs20  V29.N1 (2002): 3-15.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 2. \tab BOWEN WM, et al. "Toward Environmental Justice - S
patial Equity in Ohio and Cleveland." }{\f17\cchs0\fs20\ul Annals of the Associa
tion of American Geographers}{\f17\cchs0\fs20  V85.N4 (1995): 641-63.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 3. \tab Burke, L. "Race and Environmental Equity: A Geogra
phic Analysis in Los Angeles." }{\f17\cchs0\fs20\ul Geo Info Systems}{\f17\cchs0
\fs20  3.9 (1993): 44-50.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 4. \tab }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 California Department of Healt
h Services}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 . "}{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Drinking Water Source Assessm
ent Database}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 ." }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Database}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 .
 }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Sacramento}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 : }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Californi
a Department of Health Services}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 , 2002.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 5. \tab ---. "}{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Water Quality Monitoring
 Database}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 ." }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 1980 - 2001}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 .
 }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Compact Disk}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 . }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Sacrame
nto, Ca.}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 : }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Drinking Water Program}{\f17
\cchs0\fs20 , 2001.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 6. \tab CUTTER SL, and SOLECKI WD. "Setting Environmental 
Justice in Space and Place - Acute and Chronic Airborne Toxic Releases in the So
utheastern United States." }{\f17\cchs0\fs20\ul Urban Geography}{\f17\cchs0\fs20
  V17.N5 (1996): 380-99.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 7. \tab Foreman, Christopher H. "The Promise and Peril of 
Environmental Justice /.". Washington, D.C. : Brookings Institution, 1998.\line 
Notes: Includes bibliographical references (p. 149-181) and index\line Challenge
s -- Foundations -- Involvement -- Health -- Opportunity -- Prospects\line Engli
sh\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 8. \tab }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Glickman, Theodore S}{\f17
\cchs0\fs20 . "}{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Measuring Environmental Equity With Geographi
cal Information Systems}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 ." }{\f17\cchs238\fs20\ul Renewable Res
ources Journal}{\f17\cchs0\fs20   (1994).\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 9. \tab Harner, J, et al. "Urban Environmental Justice Ind
ices." }{\f17\cchs0\fs20\ul Professional Geographer}{\f17\cchs0\fs20  V54.N3 (20
02): 318-31.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 10. \tab Maantay, J. "Mapping Environmental Injustices: Pi
tfalls and Potential of Geographic Information Systems in Assessing Environmenta
l Health and Equity." }{\f17\cchs0\fs20\ul Environmental Health Perspectives}{
\f17\cchs0\fs20  V110.SUPP2 (2002): 161-71.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 11. \tab }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 McMaster, Robert B.}{\f17
\cchs0\fs20 , }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Helga Leitner}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 , and }{\f17
\cchs238\fs20 Eric Sheppard}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 . "}{\f17\cchs238\fs20 GIS-Based En
vironmental Equity and Risk Assessment:Methodological Problems and Prospects}{
\f17\cchs0\fs20 ." }{\f17\cchs238\fs20\ul Cartography and Geographic Information
 Systems}{\f17\cchs0\fs20  }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 24}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 .}{\f17
\cchs238\fs20 3}{\f17\cchs0\fs20  (1997): 172-89.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 12. \tab Newton, David E. "Environmental Justice : a Refer
ence Handbook /."Contemporary World Issues. Santa Barbara, Calif. : ABC-CLIO, 19
96.\line Notes: Includes bibliographical references and index\line English\par }

{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 13. \tab Openshaw, Stan. "The Modifiable Areal Unit Proble
m /."Concepts and Techniques in Modern Geography No. 38 0306-6142 . Norwick [Nor
folk] : Geo Books, 1983.\line Notes: Cover title\line Bibliography: p. 39-[41]
\line English\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 14. \tab PERLIN SA, et al. "Distribution of Industrial Air
 Emissions by Income and Race in the United States - an Approach Using the Toxic
 Release Inventory." }{\f17\cchs0\fs20\ul Environmental Science & Technology}{
\f17\cchs0\fs20  V29.N1 (1995): 69-80.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 15. \tab }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Philip, G M}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 
, }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 D F Watson}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 , and }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 P N 
chairperson Jamieson}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 . "}{\f17\cchs238\fs20 A Precise Method fo
r Determining Contoured Surfaces}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 ." }{\f17\cchs238\fs20\ul The 
APEA Journal, Vol.22, Part 1, Pp.205-212, 1982}{\f17\cchs0\fs20   (1982).\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 16. \tab Pontius, FW. "Environmental Justice and Drinking 
Water Regulations." }{\f17\cchs0\fs20\ul Journal American Water Works Associatio
n}{\f17\cchs0\fs20  V92.N3 (2000): 14,16,18,20,104.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 17. \tab Sheppard, E, et al. "Gis-Based Measures of Enviro
nmental Equity: Exploring Their Sensitivity and Significance." }{\f17\cchs0\fs20
\ul Journal of Exposure Analysis and Environmental Epidemiology}{\f17\cchs0\fs20
  V9.N1 (1999): 18-28.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 18. \tab }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 U.S. Census Bureau}{\f17
\cchs0\fs20 . "}{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Census 2000}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 ." }{\f17
\cchs238\fs20 Summary File 3}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 . }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Data File}{
\f17\cchs0\fs20 . }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Washington, D.C.}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 : }{\f17
\cchs238\fs20 U.S. Census Bureau}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 , 2002.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 19. \tab ---. "}{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Census 2000}{\f17\cchs0
\fs20 ." }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Summary File 1}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 . }{\f17\cchs238
\fs20 Data File}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 . }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Washington, D.C.}{\f17
\cchs0\fs20 : }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 U.S. Census Bureau}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 , 2002.
\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 20. \tab }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 U.S. Environmental Protection
 Agency}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 . "}{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Toxic Release Inventory Sites}{
\f17\cchs0\fs20 ." }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Internet Data }{\f17\cchs0\fs20 . }{\f17
\cchs238\fs20 Washington, D.C.}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 : }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 U.S. Envir
onmental Protection Agency}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 , 2002.\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 21. \tab "Toxic Wastes and Race in the United States : a N
ational Report on the Racial and Socio-Economic Characteristics of Communities W
ith Hazardous Waste Sites /." United Church of Christ. Commission for Racial Jus
tice.  New York, N.Y. : Public Data Access : Inquiries to the Commission, 1987.
\line Notes: Bibliography: p. 28-30\line English\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 22. \tab "Environmental Justice Strategy : Executive Order
 12898." United States and United States.  [Washington, D.C.] : U.S. Environment
al Protection Agency, Administration and Resources Management, Office of Environ
mental Justice, 1995.\line Notes: Cover title\line "April 1995."\line "EPA/200-R
-95-002."\line English\par }
{\f17\cchs0\fs20 \tab 23. \tab }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 Watson, D F}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 
, and }{\f17\cchs238\fs20 G M Philip}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 . "}{\f17\cchs238\fs20 A R
efinement of Inverse Distance Weighted Interpolation}{\f17\cchs0\fs20 ." }{\f17
\cchs238\fs20\ul Geo-Processing, Vol.4, No.2, Pp.315-327, Oct 1985}{\f17\cchs0
\fs20   (1985).\par }}